Created README for the Reflection Service (#1694)
grpc/grpc-swift: Sources/GRPCReflectionService/Documentation.docc/ReflectionServiceTutorial.md

besides the `ReflectionService`.

The associated proto files are located at `Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto`, and 
`Sources/Examples/Echo/Model/echo.proto` respectively.

In order to generate the reflection data for the `helloworld.proto`, you can run the following command:

```sh
$ protoc Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto \
    --proto_path=Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model \
    --grpc-swift_opt=Client=false,Server=false,ReflectionData=true \
    --grpc-swift_out=Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated
```

Let's break the command down:
- The first argument passed to `protoc` is the path 
  to the `.proto` file to generate reflection data 
  for: [`Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto`][helloworld-proto].
- The `proto_path` flag is the path to search for imports: `Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model`.
- To generate only the reflection data set: `Client=false,Server=false,ReflectionData=true`.
- The `grpc-swift_out` flag is used to set the path of the directory
  where the generated file will be located: `Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated`.

> This command assumes that the `protoc-gen-grpc-swift` plugin is part of the $PATH environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command assumes that the `protoc-gen-grpc-swift` plugin is in your `$PATH` environment variable.
```

You can learn how to get the plugin from this section of the `grpc-swift` README: 
https://github.com/grpc/grpc-swift#getting-the-protoc-plugins.

The command for generating the reflection data for the `Echo` service is similar.

### Instantiating the Reflection service 

To instantiate the `ReflectionService` you need to pass the file paths of
the generated reflection data and the version to use, in our case `.v1`.

> Depending on the version of [gRPCurl][grpcurl] you are using you might need to use the v1alpha proto instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the version of [gRPCurl][grpcurl] you are using you might need to use `.v1alpha` instead.
```

- ``GRPCReflectionService/ReflectionService/init(fileDescriptorProtos:version:)``:
  Receives as parameters the file descriptor protos of the proto files describing
  the services of the Server that we want to be discoverable 
  through reflection and the version of the reflection service.

We recommend using the first one as it is more convinient. We will use it in this example as well.
Before initialising the ReflectionService provider we need to generate the
files containing the base64 encoded serialized file descriptor protos.

### Generating the serialized file descriptor protos for the Server
 The Server from this example uses the `GreeterProvider`, `EchoProvider` and the 
 `ReflectionService` (v1 version). The associated proto files are located at 
 `Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto`, 
 `Sources/Examples/Echo/Model/echo.proto`, and 
 `Sources/GRPCReflectionService/v1/reflection-v1.proto` respectively.

 In order to generate the serialized file descriptor proto for the
 `helloworld.proto`, you can run the following command:

```sh
$ protoc Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto \
    --proto_path=Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model \

>     --plugin=./.build/debug/protoc-gen-grpc-swift \

Author: Do you mean to exclude it from the command or the explanation of each flag?

    --grpc-swift_opt=Client=false,Server=false,ReflectionData=true \
    --grpc-swift_out=Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated
```

Let's break the command down:
 - The first argument that we are passing to `protoc` is the path 
to the proto file we want to generate the serialized file descriptor proto
for: [Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model/helloworld.proto][helloworld-proto].
- The `proto_path` flag is the path to search for imports: 
Sources/Examples/HelloWorld/Model.
- The plugin we are using is `./.build/debug/protoc-gen-grpc-swift`.

> - The options for the `grpc-swift_opt` flag that we should set are:
> `Client=false,Server=false`, because we don't want to generate code
> and `ReflectionData=true` to signal that we want to generate a
> file containing the serialized file descriptor proto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `grpc-swift_opt` options are passed to the `protoc-gen-grpc-swift` plugin. 
   To generate only the reflection data set `Client=false,Server=false,ReflectionData=true`.
```

- The `grpc-swift_out` flag is used to set the path of the directory

> where the generated file will be located in: Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the generated file will be located: `Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated`.
```

> The commands for generating the binary files representing the serialized file descriptor 
> protos for the `Echo` and `Reflection` services are similar. The path of the output
> directory, the plugin and the options are the same. The path to search for imports
> is the parent directory of the proto file.

Reviewer: I think the difference are obvious so we only need the first sentence here.

```suggestion
The commands for generating the reflection data for the `Echo` and `Reflection` 
services are similar.
```

The paths of the proto files are: 
- [Sources/Examples/Echo/Model/echo.proto][echo-proto]
- [Sources/GRPCReflectionService/v1/reflection-v1.proto][v1]

> Depending on the version of gRPCurl you are using you might need to use the v1alpha proto instead.

Reviewer: We should link to gRPCurl here (https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl) and we can be specific about the versions of gRPCurl which support v1 vs v1alpha (look at the release notes: https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl/releases)

 ### Instantiating the Reflection Service 

>  In the Server implementation, we have to instantiate each provider.
>  For instantiating the `ReflectionService` provider we have to pass in an array
>  of Strings representing the paths to the binary files we have just generated,
> withing the project and the version of the reflection, in our case v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instantiate the `ReflectionService` you need to pass the file paths of
the generated reflection data and the version to use, in our case `.v1`.
```

```swift
let paths = [
  "Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated/helloworld.grpc.reflection.txt", 
  "Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated/echo.grpc.reflection.txt", 
  "Sources/Examples/ReflectionService/Generated/reflection.grpc.reflection.txt"

>   ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
]
```

> let reflectionServiceProvider = try ReflectionService(
>   serializedFileDescriptorProtoFilePaths: paths, version: .v1
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let reflectionService = try ReflectionService(
  serializedFileDescriptorProtoFilePaths: paths, 
  version: .v1
)
```

```

### Running the Server

> In our example the server is not configured with TLS. The port is `1234`.
> Starting the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our example the server listens on isn't configured with TLS and listens on localhost port 1234.
The following code configures and starts the server:
```

```swift
let server = try await Server.insecure(group: group)

>   .withServiceProviders([reflectionServiceProvider, GreeterProvider(), EchoProvider()])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .withServiceProviders([reflectionService, GreeterProvider(), EchoProvider()])
```

  .bind(host: "localhost", port: self.port)
  .get()

```

To run the server, from the root of the package run:

```sh
$ swift run ReflectionServiceServer
```

>  ## Testing the Reflection Service using GRPCurl

Reviewer: We're not really testing it, just calling it:

```suggestion
## Calling the Reflection service with GRPCurl
```

> Please follow the instructions from the [GRPCurl README][grpcurl-setup] in order to set gRPCurl up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the instructions from the [gRPCurl README][grpcurl-setup] to set up gRPCurl.
```

From a different terminal than the one used for running the Server, we will call gRPCurl commands,

> following the format:
> 
> `grpcurl [flags] [address] [list|describe] [symbol]`.

Reviewer: Use single backticks if the code is inline, i.e. within a sentence. Otherwise use triple backticks

```suggestion
following the format: `grpcurl [flags] [address] [list|describe] [symbol]`.
```

> In our case we are using the `-plaintext` flag, because our server isn't configured with TLS, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `-plaintext` flag, because the server isn't configured with TLS, and 
```

the address is set to `localhost:1234`.

Here are some gRPCurl commands and the responses:

- **List services**
```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 list
```

**output:**
```sh

> Echo

Reviewer: Should these be fully qualified?

> Here are some gRPCurl commands and the responses:
> 
> - **List services**
> ```sh
> $ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 list
> ```
> 
> **output:**
> ```sh
> Echo
> Greeter
> ServerReflection
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the available services use `list`:

```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 list
Echo
Greeter
ServerReflection
```

- **List methods of a service**
```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 list echo.Echo
```

**output:**
```sh
echo.Echo.Collect
echo.Echo.Expand
echo.Echo.Get
echo.Echo.Update

> ```

Reviewer: You can also see what methods are available for a service:

```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 list echo.Echo
echo.Echo.Collect
echo.Echo.Expand
echo.Echo.Get
echo.Echo.Update
```

> - **Describe a service**
> ```sh
> $ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 describe echo.Echo
> ```
> 
> **output:**
> ```
> echo.Echo is a service:
> service Echo {
>   // Collects a stream of messages and returns them concatenated when the caller closes.
>   rpc Collect ( stream .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( .echo.EchoResponse );
>   // Splits a request into words and returns each word in a stream of messages.
>   rpc Expand ( .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( stream .echo.EchoResponse );
>   // Immediately returns an echo of a request.
>   rpc Get ( .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( .echo.EchoResponse );
>   // Streams back messages as they are received in an input stream.
>   rpc Update ( stream .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( stream .echo.EchoResponse );
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get descriptions of objects like services, methods, and messages. The following
command fetches a description of the Echo service:
 
```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 describe echo.Echo
echo.Echo is a service:
service Echo {
  // Collects a stream of messages and returns them concatenated when the caller closes.
  rpc Collect ( stream .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( .echo.EchoResponse );
  // Splits a request into words and returns each word in a stream of messages.
  rpc Expand ( .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( stream .echo.EchoResponse );
  // Immediately returns an echo of a request.
  rpc Get ( .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( .echo.EchoResponse );
  // Streams back messages as they are received in an input stream.
  rpc Update ( stream .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( stream .echo.EchoResponse );
}
```

- **Describe a method**
```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 describe echo.Echo.Collect
```

**output:**
```
echo.Echo.Collect is a method:
// Collects a stream of messages and returns them concatenated when the caller closes.
rpc Collect ( stream .echo.EchoRequest ) returns ( .echo.EchoResponse );
```

- **Describe a message type**
```sh
$ grpcurl -plaintext localhost:1234 describe echo.EchoRequest
```

**output:**
```
echo.EchoRequest is a message:
message EchoRequest {
  // The text of a message to be echoed.
  string text = 1;
}
```

> - 

Reviewer: I wouldn't bother demonstrating these two, I think we can capture enough information by just explaining that you can describe objects like services, methods and messages and having one example.

-**Sending a request to the HelloWorld service**
```sh
$ grpcurl -d '{ "name": "World" }' -plaintext localhost:1234 helloworld.Greeter.SayHello
```

**output:**
```
{
  "message": "Hello World!"
}

> ```

Reviewer: Given the examples above use the Echo service I think it makes more sense to make a Get request on the Echo service.
